Adapt JSON schema section (#88)
bump-sh/docs: docs/help/specifications-support/json-schema.md

# JSON Schema support

> Both OpenAPI and AsyncAPI specifications are based on JSON Schema support,
> for each object identified as Schema Object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both OpenAPI and AsyncAPI specifications supports JSON Schema to define input and output data types, identified as a Schema Object:
```

> Most of the time, a Schema Object is defined with keyword `schema`, but it's
> also used for each property with children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the time, a Schema Object is defined with keyword `schema`, and each children property can also be defined as a Schema object (as per definition of the JSON Schema specification).
```
